Now let's go over the Argo CD set apart.
So I spun up a X cluster, which is a Kubernetes cluster on AWS using a case, it'll create cluster
command.
But not that this demo will work with any Kubernetes cluster.
It doesn't need to be on a W.
S for setting up Argos CD.
I'm going to just follow their documentation.
I'll give all the links in the description, so I'm just going to follow each step.
So first, so I'm going to install Argo CD.
Next, I'm going to download Argo CDC ally.
So if you are using a mac, you can run this brave install argo city.
I am on windows so I'm going to run chaco, install Argo quickly.
Note that if you are using the UI like we are, you don't need to do this.
But I'm just going to show you just in case.
And you can access the legacy API server using a load balancer or ingress or port forwarding.
For this demo, I'm just going to do port forwarding because that's the easiest.
So note that once you run this command, this terminal, the command will keep on running.
So I'm going to create another terminal to run the other commands.
But at this point, our city should be up and running.
So let's go to localhost colon 88.
You'll get this warning.
You can ignore it because we are just running from localhost.
All right.
In that username you give admin and to get the password, you copy this command, go back to terminal.
So I'm going to switch to the other terminal.
And if you are running in windows you can delete this best 64.
So I'm going to run this so you'll get this output.
So again, if you're in the Mac and you can run the full command, you can just copy paste.
But in Windows we have to decode this best 64.
So go to this base64 decode, encode and then decode.
So this is the password.
Go back to Argo City.
Signing.